AWS Docs (#446)
edgelesssys/constellation: docs/docs/getting-started/first-steps.md

        Supported are all machines from the N2D family. It defaults to `n2d-standard-4` (4 vCPUs, 16 GB RAM), but you can use any other VMs from the same family. Refer to [N2D machine series](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/general-purpose-machines#n2d_machines) or run `constellation config instance-types` to get the list of all supported options.

    </tabItem>
    <tabItem value="aws" label="AWS">

    * **region**: The name of your chosen AWS data center region, e.g., `us-east-2`.

>         TODO: What is the list of supported regions for our images?

Author: @malt3 could you help me out with that point? `config generate` does not fill that value in. I see that this is not a static value as with GCP or Azure, should we add some logic to CLI to fetch this value based on the region? Is a manual approach currently preferred?

>         TODO: What is the list of supported regions for our images?

Author: @malt3 Is [this](https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/blob/feat/docs/aws-install/.github/workflows/build-os-image.yml#L270-L271) the full list of regions we target for release?

Reviewer: Yes, we decided on having one image in every major region. Of course images from us-east-2 cannot be used in us-east-1, but I hope our users are flexible here. Supporting more location will be a pain, since we probably want to clean up old images at some point and we would have to do that in every region then.

Reviewer 2: We should add a disclaimer here (and maybe in the code if we see no AMI for the region) that users can open an issue to get the image replicated into their region.

Reviewer 2: I can create an issue template that we can link to for that purpose

Author: I re-used the feature template with a prefilled title, feel free to improve this as you see fit :)

        You can find a list of all [available regions in AWS' documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zones.html#concepts-available-regions).

    * **zone**: The name of your chosen AWS data center availability zone, e.g., `us-east-2a`.

        Learn more about [availability zones in AWS' documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zones.html#concepts-availability-zones).

>     * **image**: TODO: How do customers find these?

Reviewer: Until https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/pull/416 is decided on and implemented, I think we maybe just add the mapping from region to ami as a comment behind the field by hand.

        You can find a list of all [regions in AWS's documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zones.html#concepts-available-regions).

    * **zone**: The name of your chosen AWS data center availability zone, e.g., `us-east-2a`.

        Learn more about [availability zones in AWS's documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zones.html#concepts-availability-zones).

    * **image**: The ID of the amazon machine image (AMI) the Constellation nodes will use:

        Constellation OS images are available with the following IDs: TODO: Fill in AMI IDs once released.

        | AMI | Region |
        | - | - |
        | `ami-0xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx` | `eu-central-1` |
        | `ami-0xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx` | `us-east-2` |
        | `ami-0xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx` | `ap-south-1` |

    * **iamProfileControlPlane**: The name of a profile attached to all control plane nodes.

>         Use the [provided Terraform script](https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/blob/main/hack/terraform/aws/iam) to generate the necessary profile. It will be provided as Terraform output variable: `control_plane_instance_profile`.

Reviewer: Since there is currently a [discussion on where to put the script](https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/pull/478), I'd suggest to pin a commit in the link. Even more so, because when we implement `constellation iam create` we will probably move those files again. 

I'm also fine with linking against the release branch, as the place _should_ be stable.

>     * **iamProfileControlPlane**: The name of a profile attached to all control plane nodes.
> 
>         Use the [provided Terraform script](https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/blob/main/hack/terraform/aws/iam) to generate the necessary profile. It will be provided as Terraform output variable: `control_plane_instance_profile`.
> 
>         Alternatively, you can create the AWS profile with a tool of your choice. Use the JSON policy in [main.tf](https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/blob/main/hack/terraform/aws/iam/main.tf) in the resource `aws_iam_policy.control_plane_policy`.
> 
>     * **iamProfileWorkerNodes**: The name of a profile attached to all control plane nodes.
> 
>         Use the [provided Terraform script](https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/blob/main/hack/terraform/aws/iam) to generate the necessary profile. It will be provided as Terraform output variable: `worker_nodes_instance_profile`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    * **iamProfileControlPlane**: The name of an IAM instance profile attached to all control-plane nodes.

        Use the [provided Terraform script](https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/blob/main/hack/terraform/aws/iam) to generate the necessary profile. The profile name will be provided as Terraform output value: `control_plane_instance_profile`.

        Alternatively, you can create the AWS profile with a tool of your choice. Use the JSON policy in [main.tf](https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/blob/main/hack/terraform/aws/iam/main.tf) in the resource `aws_iam_policy.control_plane_policy`.

    * **iamProfileWorkerNodes**: The name of an IAM instance profile attached to all worker nodes.

        Use the [provided Terraform script](https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/blob/main/hack/terraform/aws/iam) to generate the necessary profile. The profile name will be provided as Terraform output value: `worker_nodes_instance_profile`.
```

    constellation config fetch-measurements
    ```

>     TODO: Is this supported for AWS? Or do we need a hint?

Reviewer 2: The upload to S3 has to happen manually for now using each AMI ID. The download should work (I think). This will be fully supported by #416
